a_plyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.margins	.funNULL	...	.expandTRUE	.progress"none"	.printFALSE
aaplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.margins	.funNULL	...	.expandTRUE	.progress"none"	.dropTRUE	.parallelFALSE
adplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.margins	.funNULL	...	.expandTRUE	.progress"none"	.parallelFALSE
alplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.margins	.funNULL	...	.expandTRUE	.progress"none"	.parallelFALSE
amv_dimnamesfunctionfunctionplyrx
arrangefunctionfunctionplyrdf	...
as.quotedfunctionfunctionplyrx	envparent.frame()
baseballdata.framedata.frameplyrNot a function
baseball$idcharactercharacterplyrNot a function
baseball$yearintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$stintintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$teamcharactercharacterplyrNot a function
baseball$lgcharactercharacterplyrNot a function
baseball$gintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$abintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$rintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$hintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$X2bintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$X3bintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$hrintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$rbiintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$sbintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$csintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$bbintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$sointegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$ibbintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$hbpintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$shintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$sfintegernumericplyrNot a function
baseball$gidpintegernumericplyrNot a function
catcolwisefunctionfunctionplyr.fun	.tryFALSE
colwisefunctionfunctionplyr.fun	.cols
compactfunctionfunctionplyrl
countfunctionfunctionplyrdf	varsNULL	wt_varNULL
create_progress_barfunctionfunctionplyrname"none"	...
d_plyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.variables	.funNULL	...	.progress"none"	.printFALSE
daplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.variables	.funNULL	...	.progress"none"	.drop_iTRUE	.drop_oTRUE	.parallelFALSE
ddplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.variables	.funNULL	...	.progress"none"	.dropTRUE	.parallelFALSE
defaultsfunctionfunctionplyrx	y
descfunctionfunctionplyrx
dlplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.variables	.funNULL	...	.progress"none"	.dropTRUE	.parallelFALSE
eachfunctionfunctionplyr...
emptyfunctionfunctionplyrdf
eval.quotedfunctionfunctionplyrexprs	envirNULL	enclosNULL	tryFALSE
failwithfunctionfunctionplyrdefaultNULL	f	quietFALSE
idfunctionfunctionplyr.variables	dropFALSE
idata.framefunctionfunctionplyrdf
is.discretefunctionfunctionplyrx
is.formulafunctionfunctionplyrx
is.quotedfunctionfunctionplyrx
isplit2functionfunctionplyrx	f	dropFALSE	...
joinfunctionfunctionplyrx	y	byintersect(names(x), names(y))	type"left"	match"all"
join.keysfunctionfunctionplyrx	y	by
l_plyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.funNULL	...	.progress"none"	.printFALSE
laplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.funNULL	...	.progress"none"	.dropTRUE	.parallelFALSE
ldplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.funNULL	...	.progress"none"	.parallelFALSE
liplyfunctionfunctionplyr.iterator	.funNULL	...
llplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.funNULL	...	.progress"none"	.informFALSE	.parallelFALSE
m_plyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.funNULL	...	.expandTRUE	.progress"none"
maplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.funNULL	...	.expandTRUE	.progress"none"	.parallelFALSE
match_dffunctionfunctionplyrx	y	onNULL
mdplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.funNULL	...	.expandTRUE	.progress"none"	.parallelFALSE
mlplyfunctionfunctionplyr.data	.funNULL	...	.expandTRUE	.progress"none"	.parallelFALSE
mutatefunctionfunctionplyr.data	...
numcolwisefunctionfunctionplyr.fun	.tryFALSE
ozonearraynumericplyrNot a function
progress_nonefunctionfunctionplyrNO_ARGS
progress_textfunctionfunctionplyrstyle3	...
progress_tkfunctionfunctionplyrtitle"plyr progress"	label"Working..."	...
progress_winfunctionfunctionplyrtitle"plyr progress"	...
quickdffunctionfunctionplyrlist
r_plyfunctionfunctionplyr.n	.expr	.progress"none"	.printFALSE
raplyfunctionfunctionplyr.n	.expr	.progress"none"	.dropTRUE
rbind.fillfunctionfunctionplyr...
rbind.fill.matrixfunctionfunctionplyr...
rdplyfunctionfunctionplyr.n	.expr	.progress"none"
renamefunctionfunctionplyrx	replace
rlplyfunctionfunctionplyr.n	.expr	.progress"none"
round_anyfunctionfunctionplyrx	accuracy	f
splatfunctionfunctionplyrflat
split_labelsfunctionfunctionplyrsplits	drop	idplyr::id(splits, drop = TRUE)
strip_splitsfunctionfunctionplyrdf
summarisefunctionfunctionplyr.data	...
summarizefunctionfunctionplyr.data	...
truefunctionfunctionplyr...
try_defaultfunctionfunctionplyrexpr	default	quietFALSE
tryapplyfunctionfunctionplyrlist	fun	...
unrownamefunctionfunctionplyrx
vaggregatefunctionfunctionplyr.value	.group	.fun	...	.defaultNULL	.nnlevels(.group)
